docs(rocprofiler-sdk): Update install instructions for 7.13 (#6034)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-sdk/source/docs/install/install.rst

``amdrocm-core-sdk`` meta package.

For instructions, see :doc:`Install AMD ROCm <rocm:install/rocm>`. Use the
selector panel on that page to view instructions appropriate for your system
environment.

.. _install-base:

Install the ROCm profiler base package on Linux
===============================================

Alternatively, if you want to install ROCprofiler-SDK as part of the ROCm Profiler
base package without additional ROCm libraries and tools, install the
``amdrocm-profiler-base`` package. If you want :doc:`rocprofiler-systems
<rocprofiler-systems:index>` and :doc:`rocprofiler-compute
<rocprofiler-compute:index>`, install ``amdrocm-profiler``.

1. Complete the :doc:`ROCm installation prerequisites <rocm:install/rocm>` to
   install dependencies and configure GPU access permissions.

2. Install the ROCm Profiler base package that matches your desired ROCm version.
   Package names use the following format:

   .. code-block:: shell-session

      amdrocm-profiler-base<rocm_version>

   Where ``<rocm_version>`` is the ROCm Core SDK version to install. Omit this
   suffix to install the latest available version.

>    For example, to install the latest ROCm Profiler package release for
>    supported GPU architectures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Here are the instructions to install the latest ROCm Profiler package release for the following supported GPU architectures:
```
